After spending a week learning the basics of databasing, ive been surprised, both in positive and negative ways, at how 
my understanding has grown.  Some of the things that have made an impression on me are;
	Once you're in the system, the querying system and imports are easy enough to figure out, and I find the schema 
planning for SQL fun.  Once you get past the inital hump of difficulty it seems like it smooths out, at least until you 
get to advanced things like ordering.  One example i particularly like is the joining of tables, which I find to be an
extremely useful thing and something I could do a ton of, but the first few hours of trying to find out what it did were
frustrating but ultimately useful.
	The initial hump was quite a lot for me, as I prefer intuitive systems, and a lot of this,  while readable, is a 
lot more arbitrary than what im used to, particularly the picky formatting of connection strings.  Another difficult thing
is that the order of operations is sensible if you were speaking, but it seems odd for a computer to execute commands in
almost reverse order.  For instance you begin with your readout selection, which seems counterintuitive, as you havent
even specified the table you want to read yet.  On the other hand, if it knows only to bring in certain columns before it
gets to the table, it can kind of *plan* your query, which I would assume makes it faster(as it is quite fast).
  Something I would really like to learn more about  isadvanced querying.  Regular setup and basic
queries are nothing out of the ordinary; there are plenty of videos that you can fight with and get your environment to
a working state.  However, advanced querying, and particularly large pulls and ordering, seem like they may need some real
time and a little guidance to help us understand.  Seeing some of the real world SQL builds, it seems like our knowledge 
may be enough to pull from basic databases, but for any specific industry some advanced querying will be needed, itd
be nice to spend at least a little bit talking about or being assigned a specific example so we can have some concrete 
guidance about it.
	Overall however, Ive found this week to be relatively enjoyable and something that will come in handy both on the
job and in the job search itself, and that is not to say anything about the portfolio possibilities.  I look forward
to learning more about this topic as my adventure continues!